Could I create a separate class (called "Person") to store the properties of a person & their relations? Each person would be represented as a separate object.  Sure, you are free to choose how to represent persons and relations and how to store associated properties.

Is it acceptable for the "create_person" and "get_person" methods to return "Person" objects derived from the aforementioned class?  As long as they will be accepted by other methods requiring person values, yes.

Can it be assumed that not all people will have the same set of properties? Yes In other words, do I need to define a list of initial properties in the "Person" class definition?

Should there be any properties or relations initialized by default in the "create_person" method? None For example, should every person have a property called "name" initialized to empty string, or similar?

Would it be acceptable to add a field to the "Network" class that stores a list of all the people ("Person" objects) in the network? Sure.  However, it is incorrect to require the client interact with these additions; client will only interact via the given signature.

Can the "add_person_property" accept any property that the user desires, or is the number of acceptable properties limited? No limits.

Is friend the only valid relation in this network? No. If not, are there an infinite number of relations (Uncle, Father, Peer, etc.)? Yes, any the client can think of.

Is it acceptable to create another class called "Relation" to hold relation information, or should this information remain solely in each the Person object? Is it up to me how I represent this data structure? Yes.

Can two people have more than one relation? No

Is the nature of a relation (father, friend, etc.) denoted by a property of that relation? Yes Could other properties be added to a relation (quality of relationship, for example)? Yes

If no person is found with the given name, should I return None? Empty String? A new Person object? Raise RuntimeError exception.

If more than one person is found with the same name, should I return all of those people, or just one (say the first one in the list of people)?  Names are unique in a network.

Will the name passed into these functions be the customers full name? Just their first name? A string.

In the friends_of_friends function, will returning a list of applicable "Persons" be acceptable? Yes If no friends of friends exist, should I return None? An empty list? An empty string? Empty list.

Are properties case sensitive?  Yes, if strings.

Is the assumed the property for name is called "name"?  Yes.

What if the user attempts to add a property to person that already exists? Should it override the existing property (and does the same go for adding a property to a relation)?  Overwrite the property.

What if add_relation_property is called on two people that have no existing relation? Should I create a relation, or throw an exception? Raise RuntimeError exception.

What is the expected property and value for someone that is considered a friend? Perhaps a property called "relationship" who's value is "friend"? I’m pretty sure this is essential for passing the test cases.  A boolean property named "friend"

Can friends of friends return duplicates? Sure Should it return the name of the person passed into the function? No.

What should I do if I call friends_of_friends() on a name that isn't in the network? Should that throw a RuntimeError exception?  Raise RuntimeError exception
